the Hamas run Health Ministry in Gaza
says an Israeli attack on the southern
part of the territory has killed at
least 71 Palestinians and wounded almost
300 the ministry says the injured and
dead were taken to nearby NASA Hospital
in hunus news agencies cited hamus media
and witnesses as saying that the strike
landed in a tented area for displaced
people Israel's military says the strike
targeted two senior Hamas officials in
an open area surrounding Ed by trees
several buildings and
sheds the Reuters news agency is also
reporting a separate strike on a camp
west of Gaza City killing 10
Palestinians for more on both incidents
let's bring in funny fcha our
correspondent in Jerusalem give us the
latest on this strike in hunas and the
other attack west of Gaza
City one only needs to take a look at
the pictures coming out there from Han
Yunis some people described the
situation on the ground as if there was
an earthquake so there was really a
significant air strike you see people
really coming through the rubble digging
with their bare hands trying to find
their family members relatives civilians
who are still believe to be under that
trouble while we are hearing that the
Naser hospital is apparently overwhelmed
by the number the sheer number of
casualties now the various numbers that
the authorities in Gaza are working with
the Hamas ran media office is speaking
of about at least 100 people killed
while the uh uh authorities are speaking
the health officials are speaking about
at least 71 people killed without
knowing the final number of casualties
here what's really interesting to see
how Israel is reacting they're not
speaking of any numbers so far with
regard to casualties what they were very
quick to say that their target was two
top commanders of Hamas military Wing
one top Commander Muhammad deif uh as as
as as one of the main targets and it's
being currently that's what Israel
claims currently being verified well
whether that top Commander Muhammed deif
who's believed to be the Mastermind
behind the October 7th attack has been
actually killed or not while Hamas is
saying that all these claims are quote
nonsense they are saying just like you
you you've mentioned in Gaza City a
separate attack that the target of
Israel the the Israeli uh government and
IDF are civilians the big question
really is how that's going to further
influence the political uh uh uh
movements here with regard to any way
forward towards a framework to a peace
agreement while Israel keeps bombing
gaza's strip and by that uh killing a
lot of civilians on the ground what
about the varying reports as far as the
locations
targeted hun is this is where the attack
took place which is one of 16
governorates of the Gaza Strip in fact
this is the part of Gaza Strip that at
the beginning of the war was deemed to
be a safe Zone when that changed because
uh the the shifting Focus to say of
Israel from North to the south over the
past few months was very much visible
with so many air strikes hitting the uh
various areas of hunis the people were
asking themselves really where should
they go now there's a big question here
revolving around whether this attack as
Hamas claims was actually in what is
still designated the safe Zone which is
the alasi camp as we just heard Israel
saying they said that they attacked a
place that is an open area full of trees
buildings and sheds so it's unclear
really if that was uh the doet the alasi
camp or other PA Beyond but regardless
of that the sheer number of casualties
are just trickling in we have to see
what's going to uh come in as this news
develops further the latest there from
DW's funny V